update affiliation on the move to LEW (#91)
cpp-lln-lab/CPP_LabGuide: doc/papers.md

## Affiliation for authors of the CPP lab
Please make sure to have your right affiliation written in your publications:
`Crossmodal Perception and Plasticity Lab, Institute of Neuroscience (IoNS) and Institute of Research in Psychology (IPSY), Université Catholique de Louvain, 1348 Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium`

## Contribution to papers

> To list authors's contribution in your paper, refer to this structure: https://www.casrai.org/credit.html 

Reviewer: Link to credits seems broken, but if I understood the aim correctly we can use CRediT taxonomy
```suggestion
To list authors's contribution in your paper, refer to this structure: https://credit.niso.org/ 
```

Reviewer: Yep
